Add {} and {||} to symbol page type section (#28517)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/language-reference/symbol-and-operator-reference/index.md

|`'`|[Automatic Generalization](../generics/automatic-generalization.md)|Indicates a generic type parameter.|
|`<...>`|[Automatic Generalization](../generics/automatic-generalization.md)|Delimits type parameters.|
|`^`|[Statically Resolved Type Parameters](../generics/statically-resolved-type-parameters.md)<br /><br />[Strings](../strings.md)|<ul><li>Specifies type parameters that must be resolved at compile time, not at run time.</li><li>Concatenates strings.</li></ul>|

> | `{}`|[Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/fsharp/language-reference/classes) or [Record](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/fsharp/language-reference/records)|When used with the `type` keyword, delimits a class or record. The type is a class members are declared or the `class` keyword is used. Otherwise, it is a record. |
> | `{\|\|}`|[Anonymous record](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/fsharp/language-reference/anonymous-records)|Denotes an anonymous record|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `{}`|[Class](classes.md) or [Record](records.md)|When used with the `type` keyword, delimits a class or record. The type is a class members are declared or the `class` keyword is used. Otherwise, it is a record. |
| `{\|\|}`|[Anonymous record](anonymous-records.md)|Denotes an anonymous record|
```
